What is Python?
Python is an
- interpreted, (it will translate the code line by line)
- object-oriented, (it will treat every programs as a object)
- high-level programming language with (it uses english language to write the code and it has pre-built libraries)
- dynamic semantics (it changes the memory space and data types based on the given value/input value)
- case-sensitive (it is sensitive to uppercase and lowercase)

What is Syntax?
Syntax refers to the set of rules that define the structure of statements or expressions.
Just as grammar dictates how words and phrases are structured in natural languages,
syntax rules dictate how symbols, keywords, and constructs should be arranged to
create valid code in a programming language.

Example:
- Python
create a variable: num / name
name = "Kyaw Kyaw" <- correct
"Kyaw Kyaw" name = <- incorrect
"Kyaw Kyaw" = name <- incorrect

- Java
create a variable: int num / string name

- English
create a sentence:
Mg Mg is hitting Kyaw Kyaw. <- correct
Mg Mg Kyaw Kyaw is hitting <- incorrect

What is Semantics?
Semantics refers to the meaning or behavior of code — the 'what the code does',
rather than the how it's written. While syntax focuses on the structure and
format of the code, semantics is concerned with how the code executes and
what effect it has on the program’s state.

Example:
- Python
name = "Alex" => assign 'Alex' value to a 'name' variable

- English
My name is Aung Aung. => ကျွန်တော် နာမည် အောင်အောင် ဖြစ်ပါသည်။

What is Pragmatic?
Pragmatics refers to the practical aspects of programming and software development
that go beyond the formal rules of syntax and semantics. Pragmatics is concerned
with the real-world application of code and how developers effectively use programming
languages, tools, and practices to achieve their goals.
It deals with the how and why of programming in a practical sense.

Note - Python language is created using C Language and Java Language. Most of the 
python codes are created using C Language.

How does Python codes works?
as you know, python codes executed line by line. So how does it converted to the 
machine code?
To convert Python code to Machine code, it has convert to C Language and then 
it is converted into machine codes which are executed on the machine level.

Python Comment -
- single line comment -> #
- multi-line comment -> """ """ (doc-string)
